feat(jest-runtime): share cacheFS between runtime and transformer (#10901)
facebook/jest: docs/CodeTransformation.md

interface Transformer<OptionType = unknown> {
  /**
   * Indicates if the transformer is capabale of instrumenting the code for code coverage.

>    * - `cacheFS`: if custom transformers do module resolution and read file, custom transformers should populate this

Author: @SimenB please check :)

>    * - `cacheFS`: if custom transformers do module resolution and read file, custom transformers should populate this

Reviewer: this comment is for `canInstrument`, not `createTransformer`

   * cache so that jest will avoid read the same file again hence improves performance.
   *
   * If V8 coverage is _not_ active, and this is `true`, Jest will assume the code is instrumented.
   * If V8 coverage is _not_ active, and this is `false`. Jest will instrument the code returned by this transformer using Babel.
   */
  canInstrument?: boolean;

>   createTransformer?: (options?: OptionType, cacheFS?: Map<string, string>) => Transformer;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  createTransformer?: (options: OptionType, cacheFS: Map<string, string>) => Transformer;
```

It's not actually optional is it?

Author: done

   * If V8 coverage is _not_ active, and this is `false`. Jest will instrument the code returned by this transformer using Babel.
   */
  canInstrument?: boolean;
  createTransformer?: (options: OptionType) => Transformer;

  getCacheKey?: (
    sourceText: string,
    sourcePath: string,
    options: TransformOptions,
    /**
     * If a transformer does module resolution and reads files, it should populate `cacheFS` so that
     * Jest avoids reading the same files again, improving performance. `cacheFS` stores entries of
     * <file path, file contents>
     */

>     cacheFS: Map<string, string>,

Reviewer: It should be added to `TransformOptions` (which will then make it be included in `process`).

I wanted to get away from more args in #10834

Author: I made it as a mandatory property of `TransformOption`, hope it's ok since it requires `jest-repl` to be adjusted too.

Reviewer: That's fine 👍

   * If V8 coverage is _not_ active, and this is `false`. Jest will instrument the code returned by this transformer using Babel.
   */
  canInstrument?: boolean;

  /**

>    * Create transformer function:
>    *
>    * `cacheFS`: if custom transformers do module resolution and read file, custom transformers should populate this
>    * cache so that jest will avoid read the same file again hence improves performance.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   * Creates transformer function.
   *
   * If a transformer does module resolution and reads files, it should populate `cacheFS` so that 
   * Jest avoids reading the same file again, improving performance. `cacheFS` stores entries of 
   * <file path, file contents>
```

Author: done 👍
